What are you doing?
Of course you have to go to the crematorium when you die
How to Beam Conflict
Save your little lover
Can talk nonsense
Miss Liang was obviously only seriously injured
How did he die?
Get out of the way
Let me send 500 boxes of free wards.
Dad, wake up
Why are you still obsessed?
Brat
I'm your father's wings are hard, aren't I?
Dare to hit your father
Shut up and live a disorderly life
Looking for a lover outside and daring to hit my son
Are you still shameless?
I don't care about you in general
Anyway, I have to take two green onions with me
Why take Luo Yingxue away?
He is from my Luo family
And now he's dead.
Future generations are free to handle for my Luo family
That's right, Luo Yingxue is my daughter
Dr. Yang, you are not related to him
Why should I give my daughter to you?
Just because Miss Guo is not dead yet
Can't be sent to the crematorium
Is that enough? Miss Guo's chill has arrived
You can get up now.
Che Yang Yunsong, you are really
Who are you?